okay one of the things that need to kind
of make early in the process is I need
to make a chili oil it's pretty simple
I'm going to take and put this burner on
low and here I have a quarter cup of oil
I'm using peanut oil I've got 20 red
chili peppers and all I'm doing and I'm
just cutting them in half I want to be
able to see them you could cut them in
smaller pieces but they're going to
flavor the oil and spice up the oil
pretty easy process like I say we're
going to have this on low we're just
going to cook these for a little bit
okay our oil has been cooking for about
ten minutes now just occasionally stir
in the peppers I'm going to call it good
I'm just going to set this aside and let
it wait for us till we're ready for it
okay so let's do a rundown on some of
our other ingredients in here in the
mortar and pestle I took two tablespoons
of Szechuan peppercorn sometimes those
are also called prickly ash and I ground
them up now it takes a little bit of
work so you may want to do it in a
coffee grinder anyway I have here some
spicy bean paste you want to make sure
you get something that has the bean
paste in it because this also adds salt
to the dish without that if you just use
the spicy stuff you would have to use
some soy sauce or something to bring
salt to the dish
we're not going to be using the soy
sauce today I've got a quarter cup of
green onion that I've diced up or
chopped up four ounces of ground pork
two tablespoons of ginger that's been
roughly chopped and two tablespoons of
garlic that's been roughly chopped okay
so here I have a block of silken tofu
I'm just going to kind of roughly chop
this up you want it nice big pieces
because some of the corners and stuff
are are going to come across or fall off
of it
all right I did forget to mention that I
made a cornstarch slurry I have one
teaspoon of cornstarch in 1 tablespoon
of chicken stock and I also have 3/4 cup
of chicken stock now in my pan here it's
warming up on the burner
we're not going to be screamin hot I'm
going to put about 3 tablespoons of oil
yeah well in this dish but it is good so
we're going to look past that all right
so my oil is getting warm it's not hot
that's fine
I'm going to do we're going to put our
garlic and our ginger in here then we're
going to start putting some of this
Szechuan peppercorn in here we'll put
about 2/3 of this in here there we go if
I don't work set that aside use some of
that for garnish leader now what we're
going to do we're just going to slowly
cook this until everything's cooked
we're toasting the peppercorns we're
cooking the garlic and ginger down just
a little bit don't worry other stuffs
coming pretty soon all right so we're
about three minutes in my garlic and
ginger is starting to soften up a little
bit so we're going to turn this heat up
a little bit we're still not going crank
it up yet we're not at that point yet
because we're not really stir frying
this dish
okay now it's time for pork I'm just
going to break this up
all right so our pork is basically
cooked it's not crisping up or anything
like that yet but it's cooked all the
way through we broke it up and the
garlic and ginger is really doing good
now we're going to put our spicy bean
paste in here and you're about to see
some magic starting now that stuff is
salty so if you don't like real salty
you might want to use just a little bit
of it and then use a some just plain
spicy chili paste I got
it's going to give this we're going to
go ahead and turn the heat up a little
bit more give this a couple minutes okay
now if you don't want it so salty you
can use some of this it'll help you with
spice and everything and it's not so
salty
now this is basically ready for our
chicken stock inject it heat up a little
bit now we've got our corn starch and
chicken stock we're going to put this in
and we're going to cook this for a
little bit all right so this is just
starting to thicken up we're going to go
ahead and we're going to put our chili
oil in here as if it didn't have enough
oil all right this is really bubbling
away we're going to go ahead we're going
to put our gently put our tofu in here
now remember this is silken tofu it'll
break apart real easy we want a little
bit to break apart that is what does the
final thickening on the sauce but we
still want some big pieces in there
generous now we're going to gently stir
this around
make sure all sides of this tofu absorbs
all these good flavors and we've worked
to put in here
I'm going to give this about another
minute and we'll put our green onions in
there all right we're going to take all
most of these green onions and put them
in there I'm going to leave a little bit
for garnishing okay I'm going to take
and put some of this in our Bowl here
make sure we show some peppers on here
I'm going to put some green onion does
some of this Szechuan peppercorn on
there and that is dinner